Now in this refresher course module heater will not write a complex react app because that's simply
not the idea of this module.
We will write a realistic app in the main module later in this course.
After this module here where we will work on the course project.
So that's just a refresher here and I focus on the core react elements stay on for and not on building
an amazing application.
So react is all about components and therefore typically we split our app in components.
Now let's start without splitting it though and instead of outputting age one tech here an app I will
use a div let's say and in that div let's add more H HTML code.
I'm saying H HTML here of course it's j is X but it is translated to to H Kim L to Dom though it's in
yet right.
But it is J is x.
So here we could have h to tag where we say cause goals and below that we want to have a list on or
the list of our course goals in there.
A goal could be that we want to finish the course that we want to learn all about the course
main topic and that we want to let's say help our students in the course Q and A section and that could
be some goals.
Now a very trivial application.
Now I don't have any special spectacular styling here which is why we save that and we get this output.
Now I will add some styling and for that I will add a app C as as file here and import that file into
the javascript file.
This of course is not possible in vanilla javascript but because of that under the hood tooling which
you and analyzes our files and then transforms to code this is possible and this is simply transformed
to inject this CSX code into the H to meld file as well.
Now here I'll give this C as a class and there is one special thing the class attribute like this doesn't
exist.
And J is X because class is a keyword in JavaScript so it is class name and this is how you add C as
as classes two elements and J is x.
This all of course this kind of proof or reminds you of the fact that this is not h Tim L. But h Tim
Kalish looking syntax all named as class goal list here and now in here we can to find some styles for
the goal list here and I will simply set list style to non here.
Remove a margin or give it a margin of 2 REM top and bottom and a padding of 0.
And on every goal list item I will add a margin of 1 Ram.
Top and bottom 0 2 left and right.
And then simply a border of 1 pixel solid.
And then this grayish color here and a padding of 1 RAM and this is very very simple styling because
I don't want to spend a lot of time on writing C as as styles here now maybe one adjustment.
Let's actually give the list a margin of 2 Reb in all directions.
Now we have this list of our goals to adjust the course goals here at the top.
I will also give this div a class name of course goals and then NDC as as file maybe at the very top.
We can style course goals and their the to tag to be aligned in the center.
Just like that now.
Again very huge goals but that is OK for discourse here.
We're just practicing react so we got these course goals here.
Awesome.
This of course is a very simple markup.
Now what you often what do in react as you would split this into more components you would for example
outsource this list into a separate component to keep every component on its own relatively lean and
focused on one task.
For that you can add a components SAP folder here in the source folder and in there I will add a goal
list J.S. file.
This will hold my goal list component.
Now to create such a new component we first of all have to import react from react.
Otherwise we can't use this J as X syntax and then I mentioned dead a component is a function.
And by the way you can also created with the function keyword or with the function expression or with
the arrow function syntax I used before which is the syntax I will use here but that is not a must do.
And then here I export my goal list like this.
And now in here I return this unordered list so I'll cut it here and then added.
Here is a return value and if a reformat that you see automatically these parentheses are added around
it so that this can be nicely formatted across multiple lines.
Otherwise this would not be valid javascript so it is with the parentheses it is because then javascript
knows that this block belongs to gather.
So now we have the goal list in here and an app.
Yes we can now import our goal list component.
You can named is here however you want doesn't have to be the same name as under which you export it
to your only important thing is that it has to start with an upper case character here in app chess
and I import from the components folder and there from goal list.
And as I mentioned earlier you can omit the file extension here.
It's not required and then here you use go list like a regular JSA X element like a regular H2 male
element you could say.
But since we have no content between the opening and closing tag we can and we have to write a self
closing tag here.
This would not be allowed.
You always have to close tax and jazz acts so this would now be my goal list component and therefore
if we safeties we see the same output as before we also get the same styling because styles here are
always applied globally.
Even if you import them into a specific component file and still it is a good practice to setup the
styles in the CSX file next to the component they belong to.
Hence I will add a goalless see as s file.
Add my goal list style stare and import dead goal list CSX fall into the goal list JavaScript file.
This is not a must do but it makes it easy to find the stars that belong to this component.
Keep in mind that styles are not automatically scoped to a component though the normal CSX rules are
applied because all they see is as follows.
No matter where you import them are applied globally to your entire page.
With that though we're back to the same result as before.
So why did we do that.
Then why do we split this up if we have the same result as before.